>>One time, Thoth
came to me and he
said, do you know one of the
stages that this leads to?
And I said, what do you mean?
He says, someday
you will be a star.
And I said, do you mean
like a rock and roll star?
He goes, no, a real star.
He says, humans are
seeds that become suns.
It's one of the levels or steps.
You literally become a sun.
And it was not long after
he was telling me that--
and this is out of
"Scientific American."
It was really just-- I don't
remember when this was,
about 1991 or 1992, I think.
Last year, I think this was.
I used to have it here.
Maybe it was '91.
They gave in this article
all the information
they now know about
the formation of suns.
And when I read this, it
was really exciting to me,
because here's the process
that they now know.
An old, old sun has been
around for a long, long time.
And as it passes into
the dark-light spiral
it can either expand
and become a red giant,
like we talked about,
and die in that process,
or it could blow up, expand
beyond itself, just poof,
and form this huge hydrogen
cloud, that is so big,
you can't believe how
big this thing is.
It's enormous.
It's immense, and it's way
bigger than solar systems
or anything like that.
It's a huge, huge cloud.
And what they discovered
is that the hydrogen,
when it does that, is
not totally homogeneous.
There are certain areas
that are not as much
and some areas where
there is more, like where
these bright spots are.
There's, like, spots
in there where there is
more hydrogen than the others.
And when that happens, first
the cloud blows up and goes out,
and it kind of sits
there for a while.
And what happens then
is because of gravity,
the hydrogen where it's
denser begins to move
toward those dense spots.
And new stars begin to form.
For every one that dies,
approximately 200 or 300
new babies are born.
Good example of that
is the middle star
of the belt of Orion.
That's exactly what's
happening there.
There are 200 new babies being
formed right now from just one
adult giving its life.
And as the gas keeps
tracking in and coming
in and in and in and in, finally
the gas gets to this place
where the compression, the heat
is such that fusion begins.
And it begins a low level
fusion reaction of hydrogen
and becomes called a protostar.
But the gas is still coming in.
This is taking place inside
that big gas cloud you just saw.
We formed this little
protostar in here.
And then it has another
sphere of round gas
around that one with a
lighter sphere of round
gas around that one.
If you remember, we
have a chakra point
at the base point with
another sphere around that,
and then a bigger sphere
out here, exact same image,
and the whole thing forms
a north and south pole
and begins to rotate.
It's actually rotating in
both directions at once,
but the overall image
of it is rotating
in one direction,
which as you can see,
usually is counterclockwise.
Just that's where the planet is.
And at one point, it reaches
a certain speed and a disc
pops out like this, and the
image of the flying saucer
or the Merkaba takes place.
And at that point,
the fusion reaction
begins to really take off.
And again, you see
this rotational pattern
counterclockwise that's going
on through the whole thing.
As the reaction gets greater
and greater and greater,
there's different
steps of fusion
that begin to take place.
And this continues to
contract faster and faster.
And the cellular disc begins
to flatten out more and more
and more so it becomes a
greater round sphere with a disc
through it, until eventually
the sun actually truly
ignites into an actual sun,
or it takes a long time.
And the matter that
is left in this disc
is what congeals because it's
also not totally homogeneous.
It congeals into the planets
and forms the planets.
And you end up with
a little solar system
like we're living in, which
is just another big Merkaba.
And it's a very,
very similar process
to what we're teaching in
the human Merkaba field.
This little guy right here.
Now, this field, though
it doesn't seem like it,
is all over the place.
We know it's in the galaxy.
We can see these stars
that are coming out
in spirals rotating around
it with a central core
in the middle.
They believe it's a black hole
that's in the middle of it,
the middle of the galaxy.
And if you go down to a
particular point in there,
you have a solar system.
And again, you have a sun in
the middle with planets rotating
around it.
Same kind of thing,
what you just saw.
And then if you go down
to a single planet, again,
things like Saturn
and Neptune, you
can actually see the disc
and the sphere pattern
around there.
But it's much more than that.
And if you study the
works of Richard Hoagland,
you'll see that planets have
these star tetrahedral fields
inscribed in a sphere around
them, which they're just
beginning to understand
through the world bodies
and in science.
And the same thing is going.
Or you can come down
to a human being,
and we have the same
potential in there.
Even if you go down to
the molecular structure
of the very fabric
of the reality,
you have the core of
the atom in the center
and the electrons
rotating around that.
The same kind of image going
on from microcosm to macrocosm.
So I say, is it
any wonder that it
was chosen, that
shape will be used
for what we call the UFOs
and the flying saucers?
It would be kind
of a natural thing
if you were trying
to duplicate nature.
Like this.
These are the photographs
from Billy Meier that came out
of Switzerland, isn't it?
Yeah.
And they are real
photographs, I believe.
Though again, I don't
think that the people who
are putting these out have
us in their greatest concern.
Though that may all
change very soon.
There's tremendous
change going on,
not only in the ascended masters
but in all peoples everywhere.
There's a great, great
change occurring right now
in the darkest of the forces
and the lightest of the forces.
There is a tremendous something.
The greatest change
ever seen is occurring
at this moment, not just
on Earth but everywhere.
So, what I'd like
to approach now
is who is it that is using these
kinds of things, these ships.
So I slowly brought
this up for, I
want to look at-- there are
basically two kinds of people
in this-- sort of
two kinds of people,
two basic categories of people.
And there are those
that use these kinds
of external Merkabas and
ones that use internal living
fields of Merkabas.
It's like archangel Michael.
Doesn't have any spaceship.
Neither does Raphael, or
a lot of these people,
there's no spaceships at all.
And yet they're incredibly
powerful beings.
And then we've got a lot
of these alien beings that
are around that are
interfering or coming
in in different ways, who come
in on these physical vehicles.
I mean, they're
physical in the sense
that if they lowered their
frequency to this place,
they're something you
can get in and out of.
They become
non-physical when they
change to a different
wavelength and go up
to higher and
higher wavelengths,
but they're not Merkaba
fields that are linked
with a particular person.
They're externally created.
Well, it all goes back
to Lucifer rebellion.
The Lucifer rebellion
is not the first time
that someone has
attempted to do this.
There's been at least
three times before.
But approximately a
little over 200,000 years
ago, a person named
Lucifer decided
to do something that had been
tried in ancient times before.
And Lucifer if you remember,
according to the Bible,
was the greatest angel
that God had ever created.
He was the most beautiful,
the most intelligent,
the number one model
that he'd ever made.
And he was on the
left hand side.
Jesus was on one side, and
Lucifer was on the left hand
side of God as the top model.
And the flaw, if there is
any such a thing of Lucifer
is that-- let's put it this way.
It is a natural
trait that God gave
us to try to become greater
than what we already are.
And so usually we have
these heroes or people
that have already gone beyond--
the gurus or whatever you want,
people who have gone
beyond-- that we
tried to eliminate or
to become like them.
But Lucifer didn't have anyone.
The only one that he had that
was greater than him was God.
And so he tried to become
like God and greater than God.
And so he was so intelligent
that he knew everything.
He understood all
mental patterns.
He understood how all
things were created.
He knew that the Merkaba field
was the creation pattern.
And so he decided to become as
great as, or greater than God.
And from another point
of view, it very well
could have been
that God understood
this, that this
would take place,
in creating someone like this.
And what he did was
he knew that love
was the thing that created
the living Merkaba field.
And his choice was to sever his
connection with God, his love
connection with God, and to
create an external field, what
we call a UFO, to get
inside of, and to ascend
to the heights of the
heavens, and to become
as great as or greater than God,
and creating a separate reality
from the rest of
the body of God.
He convinced a
great deal of people
that they should do this because
of what I'm about to show you.
And we were all
some of those people
that he convinced in
one way or another,
because we're all here.
And this entire level of
consciousness is-- I mean,
he convinced me in a sense that
I'm here trying to change it,
but I'm still here.
So I'm not any better
than anyone else.
We all have, for one
reason or another,
no matter how high or
where you came from,
we're involved in this dance.
And this is what happened.
This is what he said.
There was this
missing information
which had to do with
that little sphere that
was inside the sphere that
would pass through here
and the sphere that would
happen in the middle.
And there's only one way that
that could be calculated.
And it was tied to another
possibility of the way
that that spirit could
move out of the great void.
And there were two trees
in the Garden of Eden.
One of them was
the Tree of Life.
And the other was the Tree of
Knowledge of Good and Evil.
And they were both
in the center,
which is kind of an
interesting image,
that we could have two
trees exactly in the center.
But these two trees were right
in the center of this garden.
And they were both
very different.
One led to death,
and the other led
to immortality and eternal life.
And the key
significance behind them
was that there was
two different ways
it was possible geometrically
to come out of the great void.
There were actually many,
many, many ways conceptually,
but there was only two
ways geometrically that you
could proceed through.
And one of these
ways was the Tree
of Life, which we showed
you, where the spirit of God
moved up to the top, and
then it moved to the circle.
And then it began a vortex,
rotating around the equator
of the central one.
But there's another way.
And that way is, first of
all, spirit is not a thing.
And space-time is something
that spirit creates.
It's an illusion
created by a spirit.
And so spirit is able to be
in more than one place, what
we call simultaneously.
Spirit can divide itself and
be anywhere in its creation
that it wants to be.
It could divide
itself a lot of times.
I mean, look how many times
just in this room we've divided
ourselves.
And so definitely spirit
can be in two places
at once, which is the
easiest of all situations.
And so at the very,
very beginning
of creation, while we're
still in the great void,
the first sphere is made.
The same patterns are made.
It goes to the same
procedure, whatever procedure
you want to go through.
There are other ones than what
the Egyptians thought in terms
of actually creating a sphere.
But once the first
sphere is created,
rather than moving-- when
the first motion is made--
this is the key right here.
Rather than moving
up here totally,
the spirit divides itself
and leaves half of itself
here and the other half up here.
So only half of spirit
moves up to the top
so that it's in two places
at once simultaneously.
And then on the next motion,
the motions from then on in
are dual so that the
motion of this one
would move from here while
the one in the center
moves over to here.
So it begins this dual or double
helical pattern rather than
a vortex motion.
And when that continues out, the
grid begins to look like this.
And if you continue
doing this, it
begins to form the
flower of life.
It's the same flower, the same
geometrical images are there.
It creates the same laws.
You end up with a reality
looking exactly the same,
the reality itself--
the laws that
are contained in that
pattern and this pattern
are the same, because
that is the same pattern
as this pattern.
So you get the same laws, you
get plants and trees and all
the other various things
and all the various levels
and dimensions and
everything else.
Exactly the same.
It duplicates it
in every single way
except for one big central
important difference.
This one has a
single center in it.
And this grid, no matter
where you come back from it,
has two centers.
This has a single eye, and that
has two centers or two eyes.
The vortex will have
a single center.
The helical pattern
will have-- it creates--
it will have two eyes.
And no matter how
big the grid gets,
when you try to
locate its center,
you'll find that there is none.
There's two points
inside it, in the middle.
And that's the
geometrical difference
between this one and this one.
And Jesus said something
once before that's
kind of gone over a
lot of people's heads,
but relative to this.
If you hear it, he said, if
thine eye be single, thy body
be filled with light.
And this is what he meant.
When you look at the
geometry of a consciousness
or a body or
anything else, you'll
find-- I think I've
mentioned this,
that around a human being,
there's a cube or a square.
And it all is tied into
this little egg of life
which is the second form
that comes out of Genesis.
And so there are
many views of this.
Didn't I go through all that
before, where this is one view
and this is another
diamond view?
And there's the hexagonal
view, which is like this.
And in the diamond
view, there's also
the diamond view in
this way and there's
the diamond view in this
way, which are rectangles.
Well, the diamond view in this
way, this one, looks like that,
is what you will find if you
analyze this sequence that was
created by moving in that way.
I didn't do these very lightly,
but there's a green sphere
here, a green one there,
and a green on there,
and there's kind of a rose
one here, a rose one here,
and a rose one here,
which happens to be
a view of this from that angle.
It's the only pattern
you'll find in there.
And when you put that into
geometrical images, these three
spheres moving down here, this
one, this one, and this one,
that is exactly what this would
be translated to onto a two
dimensional piece of paper.
And it happens to be-- and
this was the convincing thing
that Lucifer got about one
third of the angels on,
was that the only way that you
can calculate the sphere that
passes through
here and the sizes
and get the rest of the
information is from this view.
It needs this
diagonally view of that
to calculate all of
the size of this sphere
and all of these things.
And this is all the mathematics
on it that came up with.
And to calculate all
those various things
that are inside of there.
And so he said, we
need to do this.
And I guess a lot of
people believed him.
However every time
that someone's
tried to do this in
the past, it has always
resulted in utter complete
chaos with untold numbers
of lives being destroyed and
unbelievable amount of pain
to the system.
And it's also true this time.
It's caused incredible chaos,
and not just here on Earth
but all over the place.
But something appears to
be happening differently
this time.
And it appears to be centered
on this little speck of dust
out in the middle of
nowhere called Earth.
Much of what I'm about to
talk about in a little bit.
There's a choice in life
that many people have chosen.
It's either to do external
Merkaba, which isn't just that.
Imagine if you got in
one of these things
and you flew to a new planet.
Now that you have
externalized your powers,
then you externalize
it in a form
also, once you get there, in
terms of buildings and all
this other stuff and everything,
all the stuff, clothes,
everything that we have,
gets externalized also.
And so it becomes an
externalized civilization
which is the direct result
of the Lucifer rebellion.
So in truth, anybody who's
flying around in these things
and anybody who has what
we call high sophisticated
civilizations or even low
sophisticated civilizations,
is to one degree or another
involved in the Lucifer
rebellion.
And the beings who were not
don't have any external stuff
at all going on.
An example of that, the perfect
example that we have right here
on Earth is the dolphin.
That's a being that is way
beyond where we are right now,
but they don't have any
externalized stuff at all,
though they were
involved in this.
They have managed to totally
extract themselves from it.
They were only lightly
involved in it.
They were not real
heavily involved in it
like some groups.
And because of it, they
were able to get out of it.
And so now they've done it.
And if they can do
it, we can do it.
But there is far more life
out there-- way, way, way, way
more life out
there-- than beings
who are involved in UFOs, or the
externalized Merkabas, who live
with internalized Merkabas.
And the vast majority of
them don't even have bodies.
They don't have any physicalness
associated with them at all.
It may seem unusual to--
it's hard to imagine
that kind of life.
That's where I came from.
I came from a place
where there was
no distinction between oneness,
or one thing and another thing.
It was an all-inclusive
light field
that extended everywhere
and throughout everything.
So there was nothing
externalized whatsoever at all.
So we have a choice
between either a living
field or to continue
in this kind of way.
And it's our choice.
We have that right because
we have God within us.
And so we can do either one.
But if we make the choice
to move to a living field,
all I can say is it's not easy.
It's not easy at all.
It's hard because
we are addicted.
We are on a drug.
It's a very heavy duty drug.
It's submerged right into
the core of our being.
It's like heroin or something.
And it takes
tremendous will power.
It starts with a place
where you decide that you're
going to be free again.
But without it-- and as you
can see, look at this room
we're emerged in all our life.
Could any of us be free of this?
Could we live in a
way without this?
It's not easy.
We can hardly go
from week to week
without money that
we have to have.
They've got us addicted on
every conceivable level we
can think of, and then
further addictions onto that.
It's not just drugs.
That's only part of it.
It's the whole way of being.
And this starts getting
into other things,
like the secret governments
and all the things that
are behind this, stretching
back deep into space.
There's a great deal
of stuff going on here.
But once you do get out,
you start getting clear,
and your heart starts opening
up and starts feeling better.
But it takes a long
time for the vibrations
of those various drugs to leave,
because they're always pulling.
It's always pulling,
because some of them
are very pleasurable
and very beautiful.
We can do it.
Once we get to the other side
and we reach the living field,
the beauty and the
light is greater
than anything of the
darkness, absolutely anything.
There's nothing in the
darkness that can come close.
I mean, here's the
darkness all around.
It is enclosing it.
But the light is something
of extraordinary beauty.
And eventually it
leads to something
even beyond light and dark.
>>You may be addressing
this very question
right this minute.
I'll ask it, and if it
is, please take over.
I just have a bit of
a problem believing
that God is anything other
than God, God is all that
is, is anything other than
love, and that God could create
anything that was less
than beauty and perfection
and light.
And therefore, that if this
decision to create a Lucifer
was-- if that decision was
made and that polarization
started at that point,
that there was a higher
purpose still to that.
>>Exactly.
>>So it's not so
terrible that we're--
>>Obviously God knew what he was
doing when he created Lucifer.
And so Lucifer obviously
is working with God.
So from our Christian
point of view down here,
we don't want to see that.
We want to separate
it into the devil
and to God, which
we've done, and we've
made the devil almost
as strong as God,
and there's this war going on.
But it's not a war.
It's a very intricate
plan from God.
And there is no-- like I said
before, I think I did in here.
Did I talk about the
white brotherhood
and the dark brotherhood?
>>No.
>>I thought I did.
I'm losing it in my old age.
I think I did.
I didn't talk about the
great white brotherhood
and the dark brotherhood?
>>No.
>>There is two primary forces.
There's really more than that.
There's neutral, et cetera.
But there's two primary forces,
the light and the darkness.
And we tend to think the
light are the good guys
and the dark are the bad
guys and this kind of thing.
From the Melchizedek point of
view, this just isn't true.
This is a result of our
polarization consciousness
from where we are, the
interpretation as we look out
of our eyeballs, resulting
from the way that we breathe.
But in truth beyond
this, in the unity place,
though I have chosen
to work with light,
I see the dark side
also as my brothers.
And you see, if you take a
planet like planet Earth,
or it could be a person
or anything else,
the dark side comes
in and does everything
that it can to stop that
planet from evolving.
That's its job.
And then the light force
comes in and does everything
that it can to evolve it.
And so it appears like a battle.
But really, they're
working together,
and they're functioning
very closely together.
And the purpose behind
it all is so that timing
results at the right moment,
so that the moment when
the planet either
goes up or down,
whichever side wins
or loses, happens
at a very precise moment.
And it's very much like
giving birth to a baby.
You want the baby to
be born at nine months.
You don't want the baby
to be born at two months
or four months or 12 years,
or something like that.
You want it at nine months.
So the timing is very important.
And if you look at life
carefully, everything in life
is timing.
It's things happening
at the right moment.
And things happening
at the right moment
is the result of
the dark brotherhood
and the light brotherhood
working together as one.
And so good and evil are
just-- they're necessary.
They're important.
Both sides are important.
They have to be there for at
least in the level of life
that we are in now.
>>I had a really
important question.
You begin explaining to
us the double helical form
of the Tree of Life.
Are we existing in the
double helical structure
of the Tree of Life
or the one you've been
teaching us the whole class?
>>No, we are physically
on the double helical one.
The one I taught is the one
that-- I won't say should have,
just the one that
we could have taken.
But we didn't.
We took the one with two eyes
and a double helical pattern.
>>My question is, why does the
symbol of the-- I'm taking it,
the vortex pattern, it's the
only way I can describe it,
the flower of life--
they both apply though?
You could use both?
And they do the same-- they
have the same laws, everything,
geometry, everything--
>>They created the
exact same reality.
It's an identical reality.
It's like a parallel reality.
The only difference is the
person who takes this one--
>>The double?
>>The double helical
one, interprets it
differently than the one
who has a single eye.
>>How did we come up
with the vortex one?
How come we never
see any symbols
with the double helical
pattern on the planet and only
spherical?
Is it trying to remind
us to make a choice
to move towards that?
>>I didn't understand that.
>>OK.
The only symbols that I've
seen that you've show us
around the world
of the Tree of Life
are based on the vortex pattern.
They're not based on
the double helical one
that you've shown us.
>>Well, that's true.
>>Is that a process of
trying to remind us?
Is that what that's all about?
Do there exist double helical
patterns of the flower of life?
And what is the significance?
I understand the significance
that you just made,
but what's the existence
or the significance
of the-- they're
nonexistent, that pattern,
and nobody learning
the basic technology--
>>Well, the other pattern
does exist out there.
It is on [? Wasp ?] It isn't
that it doesn't exist out
there.
But it is that all the world's
major religions have all
come to the agreeing that--
that ultimately everyone
feels that this is probably
the best way, I guess.
This is like a sacred symbol.
But it is not what we have done.
However, realize, we only really
fell into Lucifer rebellion--
there's good, evil, and neutral.
And there's proton,
electron, neutron.
There is threeness.
I agree.
That's what I've
talked about before.
But I was just breaking it in.
But there are neutral beings,
and they're very important.
But all they do is
just sit and watch.
The cyclops, the beginning ones,
have one eye a long time ago.
But that's in physical form.
When you get into the
higher forms of light,
the higher forms
have a single eye.
But the eye is a sphere,
and it's all they are.
And it sees 360 degrees.
And so it's just a sphere of
light, like the Arcturians,
for example, which is
the highest form that we
have in this galaxy.
They're little spheres of light.
They're alive,
that's their body.
And they're a single
eye, and they look out
in all directions at once.
But there's higher
levels than that.
Yes?
>>I went to a workshop
or something recently.
And somebody said something
that really irritated me,
so I had to think about
it for a long time.
And what they said was,
their understanding
was in relationships in
life, that if somebody
were to be around
you and cause you
a lot of pain or difficulty,
that they were actually
somebody who really holds a
great deal of love for you
and agreed to come
back and afflict you
with this kind of
pain to help you.
No, I'm serious.
And I thought about
it for a while,
and I was like, get
the hell out of here.
But the more I began to think
about it was why it imitated
me was because it took away my
anger and hatred for the person
and maybe actually look
at what the problem was.
And I kinda really preferred
to just be really pissed off
at the person.
But it was that good
and evil thing again.
And once I took that away and I
stopped looking at that person
as being mean to me and
actually doing me a favor--
whether it's true
or not, it really
became irrelevant-- it
still took that away,
and I had no choice
at that point
but to focus on what the problem
was and then get rid of it
and actually thank them,
although I didn't do that.
That took a lot, but
I didn't get that far.
>>Well, we grow in the
negative situations
faster than we do in
the positive ones.
When everything's just
running along smooth and great
and nothing's going on and
everything's comfortable,
we're on a plateau and
nothing much happens.
It's only when something heavy
duty comes along and blows us
out of the water that we tend to
make the changes and the steps
to do it.
So the negativity
causes rapid growth.
If we didn't have
any negativity,
we wouldn't be here.
I don't know where we would
be, but we wouldn't be here.
That's for sure.
>>Is it possible to change
from the double helix
to the single eye?
>>That's what we're
attempting to do right now.
>>That will do it?
>>By attempting to reestablish
the other way of breathing
and to reconnect
the living field.
If we're capable of doing
this, then we can sidestep.
We step from one reality
to the other one,
and our eye becomes
single and our body
becomes filled with light.
We literally become light.
And it's a possibility
that's always there.
It works the other way around.
It's a possibility
for someone who's
in light to switch back
over to the other side
too, to the other possibility.
>>Would this happen for
all beings on the Earth
when it does happen?
>>Well, we're going
to talk about that
in just a little bit.
>>Just a couple questions.
One is that-- and I truly
feel this from my heart,
and it's been bothering
me for many years,
that I feel I have a very
strong Lucifer connection
but not because I'm of the
dark side, so to speak.
But Lucifer was on one side
of God and Jesus on the other.
And Lucifer was the
brightest of angels.
And my true feeling
is that instead
of he deciding to become
a god or better than God,
I think he gave the
ultimate sacrifice
to create a new situation,
whereas that even love can
move.
In order for love
to move, it has
to go to somewhere
from somewhere.
And if love is the same,
it really doesn't move.
It just exists.
So love in itself
has a polarity,
and Lucifer and Jesus, they
went their separate ways.
And then we have
what we're going
through now, and
eventually-- in fact,
very soon-- there will
be a reunion of the love.
And I think at this
point the love will even
be more powerful than
it was originally.
>>Well, this is why, for those
of you who saw the video,
[INAUDIBLE] tell the story about
when I was faced with Lucifer.
That was in that
video, wasn't it?
>>Yes.
>>Lucifer, when he found out
I was here, he came to me
and he said, he wanted to
know, what are you going to do?
And I told him that
we were here to find
a solution for everybody.
We weren't looking
for a solution
to save part of a people and
let the other ones go to hell.
We wanted to find a solution
that all beings and all light
everywhere, no matter how
far down they had fallen
or how far up they had risen,
that all beings everywhere
could come together
and love again.
And when he heard that, he
just stepped away and says,
OK, I'll leave you alone.
And he has not
hindered me at all.
He has not tried to stop me.
This goes right
down the governments
and the secret governments
and all the various people
that are associated with that.
I can move right through them.
They just step
aside and let me go.
They won't try and stop
me, because I am looking
for a universal solution.
Otherwise, if I was looking
just to save the good guys,
he would have fought tooth and
nail to try to save himself
and all that were connected
of him, which is his right.
I recognize that road.
>>One other thought that keeps
coming in stronger and stronger
is that the solution to
unity is very, very simple.
And it's as simple
as just accepting
with gratitude and love Lucifer
and everything they've done.
And that will be a catalyst for
the reuniting of the spirit.
>>Well, a lot of
times, things are very
simple to say it like that.
But to actually get
all people-- it's like,
a good example is the
Israelites and the Arabs.
I mean, it's really
easy to say, well,
all you guys gotta do is
just love one another.
But they've got so many roots
of hatred and pain and stuff
inside of there that the
solution is very, very
difficult. And it's
still going on.
One goes over and bombs the
other one, and the other one
bombs the other one, and
it's just this ping pong
match going back and forth.
So eventually, if
someone's going
to find the solution
over there, it's
going to have to be pure genius.
Something of pure genius
is going to take place.
And I believe that
it will take place.
>>The one thought that also came
in very strong is to actually--
and this is contrary to
how we all probably feel,
is ask Lucifer to assist
in the unification.
Instead of fighting
him, ask for assistance.
>>He already is.
The assistance actually
between Lucifer and Jesus,
though they have a polarity
and they have their places
on the dark side
and the light side--
I'd rather, instead
of giving names
to a particular people just
say the dark brotherhood
and the light brotherhood,
because there's
many more people involved
in either side than those.
But the two forces
of dark and light,
who have not really been
resisting each other
but resisting the third
component in the middle,
or controlling the component
that the forces are working on,
like whatever the life form
is-- and the very principle
of this way of moving
between dark and light
has failed in the
past every time.
It's always failed.
It's always ended up in war.
It's always ended
up in both sides--
instead of cooperating or
working together in love
and trying to find
a way for all life,
it's always resulted
in both sides ending up
in an all-out battle
on every level,
resulting in Mars being
totally wiped out,
along with thousands and
thousands and thousands
and thousands of
other places that
were just totally destroyed.
All out, full tilt
war, which has
happened time and time again.
And we're right on the
verge of that right
now throughout the universe.
There's more of that.
We're just a reflection.
The Earth is simply a
reflection of what's out there.
And there's a similar kind
of thing stretching out
where life wants to do that.
And yet there is-- what's now
occurring is for the first time
ever, it appears as
though God, meaning us
from outside the system
before it was created,
has decided to
intervene directly.
It never did before, ever.
There was no
intervention before,
and we always ended up
with [CRACKING SOUND]
But now there appears to be
something totally different
happening here.
It's never happened before.
And that's why I'm going to have
to explain it and get into it,
because we haven't
talked about it yet.
But it's almost as
though neither side,
neither the dark brotherhood
or the light brotherhood,
were able to find an
answer on their own.
And what the
interesting part is is
that God had the answer, if
this is the answer that's
occurring right now,
had the answered
buried as a little tiny
seed in between the two,
along from the very beginning.
From the very, very beginning.
And nobody ever saw it.
Nobody knew it was there.
Until it came down
to, we needed to find
an answer for a certain problem,
and there was only one answer
in the entire universe.
The little seed was hidden.
And when that little
seed was used,
no one dreamed
that the seed would
grow to something
of the proportions
that it's growing to.
It was only meant
to work on a planet,
and instead the
seed was growing,
and is now affecting all life
everywhere, without exception.
And this is occurring right now.
And it's only been 21
years in Earth time
since the seed was planted.
>>A lot of the teachers
were saying about two years
or so ago that each
individual had already
decided that polarity, light
or dark, and that the way had
been divided, so to speak.
It always sounded
rather hopeless to me
that somebody couldn't change
their mind and say, oh wow,
I see it now.
But what you're
saying is that we now
have a chance that the whole
thing can move forward,
or is there still that
faction that have said,
no, I will stay with the dark?
>>Well, everybody has to choose
either the dark or the light
or both.
And these guys, that's
what these guys have done.
These guys have chosen
both, this particular group.
These are the Pleiadians
that come from [INAUDIBLE].
And they sometimes play
the dark brotherhood
and sometimes play
the light brotherhood,
depending on what they
feel will bring the best
balance for the whole thing.
If the light gets too strong,
they'll play the dark.
And if the dark gets too
strong, they'll play the light.
And right now they're
playing the dark,
because the light is
now getting stronger.
The light's considerably
getting stronger
than the darkness on earth.
>>So these are Pleiadians
rather than the Greys?
>>They're Pleiadian, yes.
>>Well, are some
of the Pleiadians
actually mixed with the Greys?
>>They're supporting the Greys
>>But I thought the Greys had
been taken off the planet.
>>Well, this was all
done a long time ago.
These photographs were
taken a long time ago.
Actually, I don't know if
she's allows the Pleiadians--
when we say Pleiadians,
that's a big place.
There's lots of Pleiadians.
I'm not talking
about the Pleiadians
that most people
are familiar with.
This is another group, though
they're very beautiful people.
Almost all the Pleiadians
are very beautiful.
This group has a long time
ago seen the situation.
In fact, they saw it
from the very beginning,
the moment Lucifer
made the division.
And most people went,
whoosh, like this.
They just sorta went--
Whereas the vast majority
didn't even do this.
It moved back.
The vast majority did not
react one way or the other
because they knew that once
you react, then you're in it.
And that's it.
So the vast majority
is silent, and it
just witnesses and
watches and does not
do-- I don't care what happens.
They won't react.
They won't help, nor not help.
They won't assist or unassist.
They'll just witness.
And that's the position that
the huge majority of life
has taken.
And this little thing
is happening inside.
It's kind of like a body
that is with, you might say,
a small area of disease in it.
And so you've got a part that's
polarized inside of here,
where the rest of
the body is watching.
It's definitely watching.
It's very concerned about it,
but it won't interact directly.
Arcturus has decided
to come into this
on the side of the light.
And they have done a lot.
Very, very subtle, subtle
work, trying to balance things,
especially when they've
been around for a long time.
They're just kind of being known
in the last 15, 20 years or so.
I'm only going by the
ones that-- one time they
sat down and talked to
me about various things.
>>What about Andromeda?
>>I believe, if
I remember right,
that they're also on
the side of the light.
I'm pretty sure they are.
So I only know a few of them.
And I remember, there
seems to be a-- they're not
a real advanced race,
compared to the Arcturians,
who are light years apart.
We discovered on Mars first
of all, this photograph.
I think this was the
Mariner 9, I think it was.
It's Mariner frame 1205-78E,
whatever that means.
And they discovered these
tetrahedral pyramids on Mars.
They're enormous and huge.
You can see them down here.
That's the actual
NASA frame up here.
And you can see these
pyramids or tetrahedrons,
to be more precise,
these enormous,
who knows how many miles
high, tetrahedrons.
Well, of course that could have
just been a phenomenon of Mars,
which would have
been interesting.
But there they were, these very
accurate tetrahedral structures
that were sitting on Mars.
And then later, it
was Richard Hoagland,
who found-- it was this
photograph up here,
this one shot of a
region called Cydonia,
which has that name--
we've given names
to all the areas on Mars.
And they noticed this
little thing right here.
This looks like the
surface on Mars.
You wouldn't have
thought a thing,
except that that little
thing right there looks
a whole lot like a human face.
NASA said, nah,
and kept on going.
But Richard Hoagland
took this one face
and started looking at
it and thinking about it
and wrote a book
about it, I think,
called "The Face on
Mars," I believe.
But he didn't have
a lot of proof.
He only had one photograph
when he wrote that,
if I remember this correctly.
And there was very little
anything that was going on.
That book was written in
innocence pretty much.
And then I spent about two hours
and 15 minutes on the telephone
with Richard Hoagland, right
after he had written that book,
not too long after, and
he was very, very excited
because they had finally
found one more slide.
They went through I think
30,000 frames of the NASA
things of a person, and had
found another slide, which
is what they needed.
They needed the sun angle
at two different angles
to really be able to
see what was going on
or do any kind of
digital enhancement
with a computer or
anything else like that.
They couldn't do
it from one point.
And so they found
this one, which
had a different sun angle.
And when they did that and they
digitally enhanced the face,
they found eyeballs
and teeth in the face,
which made them suspect strongly
it wasn't just the wind.
And--
And so he was very
excited, because I just
happened to talk to him,
whenever the time was, right
when that had happened.
We talked, and I started
telling him, well,
what he was going to find about
the planets-- he wanted to know
about what I was
teaching, this meditation,
I was describing it to him.
I told him that he was going to
find that the star tetrahedral
field was around
people but it was also
around planets and
suns and galaxies
and everything else like
this, and eventually this
would be the area.
He had never even heard
of tetrahedral geometry
up until that point.
And as it turns
out, they started--
it was this thing which
you can barely see,
because this is blown
up so much here.
This is one of the clumps
that was near the face.
It's now been called
the D&M pyramid.
Originally it was called
the Empire State Building,
but then there was
these two men whose name
who starts with
the name D and M,
and I don't remember
their names.
Does anybody
remember their names?
I don't know.
It wasn't Doug and Marty.
Somebody else's names.
And though you can't see there,
it is a five-sided pyramid.
It's a pentagon of five sides.
Like this.
And the angle is
not a perfect one.
There is different angles
in here, each one of them.
And these angles are
very, very precise
and a whole spectrum of super
accurate and sacred geometry
and mathematics comes
out of these five
angles, which just couldn't be.
And we're talking about pi
and e and everything else,
and all these things are
falling out of there.
This, by the way, is a very
high building or mountain,
whatever you want to call it.
It's 10 miles high.
50,000 feet plus.
They're enormous, the
faces, like a mile
and a half long, and
they're very, very big.
So this is where that
D&M pyramid sits.
This is where the face sits.
And there's other
structures on there
that they've been--
they started looking.
There's a circle with a
tetrahedron sitting over here.
There's a long line
thing here which
is very unusual and
strange by-- and all kinds
from a geological point of view,
and what they call the city now
over here, which is a whole
series of pyramids and things.
And when they started
looking at all of this--
there's three sided, four
sided, and five sided pyramids
all in there.
There's a wall that
exists up there that
extends for many miles.
There's all kinds of
unusual structures there.
And when they started looking at
the precise angles between all
of these things, they found
that the exact angles that
were all in here, which
were duplicated-- they
weren't angles that
just felt once,
but they fell many, many
times throughout all
of this structure.
And all of these angles
were repeated constantly
inside the D&M pyramid.
So it was like redundant.
It was like a message, when
you get a message in space
or to someone else, if
you just get it one time,
it's like random.
But when a message is repeated
over and over and over and over
again, you realize it's
an intelligent message.
And this message was repeated
over and over and over again
in these angles.
And the message, when they
calculated it out and printed
it out to see what it was
saying mathematically,
it had to do with this
angle of 19.5 degrees,
the angle between the tip
of the pyramid, this one,
and this ridge that
was on here, which
is repeated throughout
here many, many times
and many, many times in the DNA.
It was this 19.5.
Mathematically this has a
very specific geometrical form
that it's talking
about, which happens
to be a star tetrahedron
inscribed in a sphere, which
is the key to
harmonics that we've
seen before and all these other
light and sound and dimensional
levels and so many other things,
that whoever was doing this,
they were talking about this.
And later, he
found out that they
began to realize that this--
and I'm not allowed to show
his movie anymore to you.
He doesn't want me
to show it, and he's
trying to-- he's afraid to
be connected with me directly
because I'm a psychic.
And he's trying to do
things scientifically.
And he doesn't want to
be directly connected.
So I respect that.
I'm not going to do that.
Maybe in a few years we'll
be able to come back together
when life on the planet--
>>I saw the movie
actually advertised on TV.
>>Yeah.
Well, I really recommend
that you see it,
and I'll give you the
address where you can get it
and all those kinds of things.
I found all the
addresses, by the way,
so you can get to them.
Whoever copied them
had put an old one,
an old set, an entirely separate
set-- they copied an old set,
but I got the new set,
which was also in there.
I don't understand
what happened.
But anyway, we got them.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>OK, it's called "Richard
Hoagland's The Face on Mars,"
I think is what it's called.
It was a presentation
to the United Nations.
He also gave a
presentation at NASA,
but the one of
the United Nations
is a lot better,
though he's dropped out
some real important
information that he
gave at NASA that he didn't
give at the United Nations.
If you saw both of
them, you'd have
much more complete information.
But anyway, they discovered
now first that there
is a star tetrahedral field
inscribed in the planet Mars,
and that this angle,
if this was a planet,
this angle of this
plane right here,
and this one, the
flat top of this one
and the bottom of this one
here passes through the planet
or a sphere at 19.5 degrees
north and south latitude.
It's actually 19.47 is
a little more accurate,
but to be precisely on.
And they found now that things
like Jupiter, the rotational--
there's the dark
spot on Jupiter.
It happens to be rotating
at exactly the 19.5
and precisely on one of
these points as it rotates.
And they're finding more and
more and more information.
I'm not going to go into all
the depth of all the stuff
that he's into, but
when you look at it,
you will see how powerfully it
reinforces what we're talking
here, what they're discovering.
Even the fact that
they now believe
that the energy levels that
are coming off planets, which
are greater than the amount
of sun, energy that's
coming from the sun, is
really a third and fourth
dimensional energy exchange.
And the hybrid
dimensional space that
is talked about in
mathematics that
would indicate that
from such a shape
there would be a hexagonal
pattern around the North Pole,
and it could also explain at
the South Pole, when they looked
to the North Pole
of Saturn, they
found that the clouds were
moving in the hexagon.
You could actually see it.
You could see it.
The cloud pattern moving at
300 or 400 miles an hour,
these clouds making these
turns, just like this,
doing this at huge speeds,
going around there like that,
forming this pattern, right
around the North Pole.
And when they went
to Neptune, they
found that the ice had
been frozen in a hexagon
around the North
Pole, clearly being
able to see in this huge
hexagonal mountain range,
where you could see-- because
this is a hexagon from the top.
From the side, you're
seeing it like that.
But if you look at it like
that, rather than like that,
if you connected the
outer edges of this thing,
it's a hexagonal pattern.
And since then they found
that the points like Hawaii
sits on the 19.5 latitude, and
the equator, the huge volcano
that's going off all the time is
sitting on one of these points.
And the same way on
Mars, the biggest volcano
there is sitting in
the same place, 19.5.
The sun itself where the sun
spots come out of the sun
are 19.5 south latitudes.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Degrees?
>>It's degrees?
>>It's 19.5 degrees,
he showed in the film.
In Hawaii, the volcanoes
there are 19.5 degree--
>>Oh, it's not latitude.
I'm saying it's latitude.
What is the latitude?
>>21.
>>21?
So it's degrees.
Oh, OK.
>>--on a tetrahedron [INAUDIBLE]
>>All right, thank
you for saying that.
Anyway, however,
Richard is only aware
right now of the shape
of the energy field
that's inside the planets and
the sun, being this shape,
and that it rotates
counterclockwise.
He's not aware yet that there
is two counter-rotating fields,
and it's the difference
in speed between them
that caused the planet
to slowly rotate
in that counterclockwise field.
And there's actually three
fields sitting there.
This is something that he
has not arrived at yet.
But that's all described
here mathematically.
Well, what happened
here, now we can go back
to what happened at Atlantis.
Before I even talked
to Richard Hoagland--
and I've got on videos going
back two and a half years
even before all of that, back
seven and a half years ago,
where we talked about
how the Martians had
come from Mars approximately
1 million years before.
Remember I said that their
planet was being destroyed
according to Thoth,
and that they
decided to get out of
there and they created
this space-time vehicle.
At the time, I didn't
tell you what it was.
And they were able to
look ahead in time.
Remember how I said that?
It all sounded kind of weird
when you're first hearing that,
and they came into
back into our future.
But what they created, all
these buildings and everything,
they were creating
an external Merkaba,
a UFO, a space-time vehicle.
A UFO is not just something
that can go from one place
to another.
It can also move
forward in time,
because time doesn't
exist, only space.
And you can move through
the space continuum, which
is in a golden mean spiral.
And so you can move
through it and come back
through the space continuum
and connect in at any point.
And so they created that.
And this is just the remnants
of the experimentation and all
that was going on
in all of this.
Now, Richard thinks, guessing,
that this is about half a
million years old.
He first started out at 200,000.
It keeps getting
older and older.
He's now at about
500,000 years old.
Eventually he's going to
find this to be closer
to a little over 900,000, if
Thoth is correct, because Thoth
said it was just a little
less than a million years
when this took place.
And they left there,
and they went to earth
and injected themselves
into us, which
has been the problem from
the very, very beginning.
By the way, they also
found a complex on Venus,
I just want to put it out there.
They found a complex
on Venus that
is identical to
the one in Egypt,
with the three pyramids and
the Sphinx and all that.
And I know that because
I had a woman who
was on a mental health
committee in Washington, DC, who
was the primary one that
determined the rules
and regulations of the
mental health institutions
throughout the United States.
And I brought her to Peru, that
Peruvian trip I talked about.
She happened to be
one of the women.
She was 45, 50 years
old, something like that.
And we happened to be walking.
You walk for several days
through the mountains,
so we had a lot of time to talk.
And I was talking to her and
at one point she said that she
had just quit the committee.
This was in July I think it
was, June or July of 1985.
She had just quit the committee.
And in that, she was
saying that there
was this real interesting
thing that happened right
before they left.
You see, there is a rule with
NASA in the United States
that if NASA finds anything out
there that indicates that there
is life or anything
incredible in any way at all,
they have to go to this specific
committee and the committee
and show them the evidence.
By law they have to.
And then the committee
has to decide
if we're going to all
go crazy if we see this,
whether or not it's
something that would
be too unstable for us to see.
And so she said that she
sat there and watched over
200 very clear photographs
of an installation on Venus
that looked just like
the one on Earth.
She said it was identical--
the whole Sphinx, the head,
the whole thing,
and they got lots
and lots and lots of
photographs of it,
because they mapped every
square inch of Venus,
every square inch of it, except
the North and South Pole.
90% of the planet,
very, very carefully.
And she said that was
in January of 1985
when they received
the photographs.
She said they studied them from
January, February, and March
and April, I think, for
about four months and thought
of all possibilities
of what would happen,
because this would indicate
absolutely beyond any doubt
that life had been
out there before,
or that there was
more than just us,
or we had somehow
gotten to space before,
or something or someone else.
It would indicate there's got
to be something else going on
than what we normally thought.
And the committee
said yes, release it.
And so she didn't
have any kind of-- she
didn't have to be
censored in telling me
this, because the committee said
that it was OK to talk about it
and to release it to the world.
But what NASA did was they put
it on one television station
one time late at night
in a Florida TV station.
And then pulled it off and said,
OK, that conforms to the law.
That was it.
>>Is it open to the public
though to go and get it?
>>Can we get a copy of it?
>>I don't know.
ABC has tried to
do it and it was
met with incredible resistance.
>>Well, what is NASA's problem?
>>OK, you understand-- I'm
going to explain to you what
NASA's problem is real soon.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>No, I don't.
I haven't figured that out.
>>Figured out what?
>>Does Richard Hoagland know?
>>He's been informed.
I don't know if he
wants to deal with it.
Yeah, actually he knows, because
I've talked to another person
from ABC where all that was
discussed and everything.
They know.
They just it cannot get the
hardcore evidence because they
just won't release it.
>>Did Venus destroy themselves?
>>I don't know that.
I don't know if
that was the case,
or if it just was
never developed
or if it naturally-- they
know that there was oceans.
The new evidence
that's coming out,
it just was released
in the last month,
they know that--
they believe strongly
that Venus was covered
with water and oceans
and that was held
lots of water on it.
And any time a planet
has lots of water on it,
it generally develops life.
But exactly what
happened, I don't know.
Thoth's never talked
to anybody about it.
Thoth says that
the life of Venus
is on the fourth
dimensional higher level
and that it's very healthy and
very alive and real together.
It's a really, really,
really healthy planet.
It's the healthiest one of all.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>I don't know.
Remember, the
Egyptians keep talking
about how they keep leaving
here and going to Venus.
And so maybe that was
like a beacon or a marker
or something.
I don't really know.
I don't know.
He just said that
the Egyptians have
had a great deal of
connection between there
and Venus for a long time.
But exactly what the
purpose was or why
duplicate that on-- just as
this one here is on here,
Richard Hoagland now thinks
that this has been duplicated
in England, this very complex.
Who has that here?
Somebody show me.
You have it?
He has it in this video,
but they're developing
it more and more now.
They believe that the entire
system of the rings, the thing,
the mountains, [INAUDIBLE]
pyramid, the face, et cetera,
and all these things have been
purposely-- someone purposely
went into England and
clearly marked out
every little detail onto
the English landscape
that was on Mars.
And it's all centered
around-- the primary one
is the Stonehenge, which is--
that's another one that's
coming up here real soon.
I can't remember why
I put that on there.
I don't have any idea why I
put that back on there again.
But Stonehenge has certain
lines going through it--
I don't know if I have this on
here, where you mark them out
and everything
like this-- and one
of the primary
lines on Stonehenge
connects directly with the
apex of the Great Pyramid.
And so there's this connection.